"Which council affirmed the deity of Jesus Christ and formulated the Nicene Creed?"
"Which ecumenical council condemned the heresy of Nestorianism?"
"Which Christian mystic wrote 'The Dark Night of the Soul'?"
"Which theologian is known for developing the 'just war theory'?"
"What is the theological concept of 'apostolic succession'?"
"Which of the following is NOT one of the four 'marks' of the Church as identified in the Nicene Creed?"
"Which of these theologians is known for his 'Five Points of Calvinism'?"
"What is the name of the Christian doctrine that asserts the sinfulness and guilt of all human beings as a result of Adam and Eve's disobedience?"
"Which heresy denied the full divinity of Jesus Christ?"
"What is the 'Real Presence' in Catholic theology?"
"What is the significance of the year 1517 in Christian history?"
"Which reformer is known for the doctrine of predestination?"
"What is the significance of the year 1054 in Christian history?"
"What is the 'Communion of Saints' in Catholic theology?"
"What is the 'filioque' clause in the Nicene Creed?"
"What is the significance of the date 1517 in Christian history?"
"What is the 'Immaculate Conception' in Catholic theology?"
"Which pope called for the Second Vatican Council?"
"Who is known as the 'Father of English Hymnody'?"
"Which 16th-century Christian reformer wrote 'Institutes of the Christian Religion'?"
"What is the Christian doctrine of 'original sin'?"
"Which heresy taught that Jesus only appeared to be human, but was not truly incarnate?"
"Which of the following Christian theologians is considered a proponent of 'process theology'?"
"Which Christian theologian is associated with the doctrine of 'double predestination'?"
"What was the primary language of the early Christian church?"
"In Christian theology, what is 'pneumatology'?"
"Which early Christian theologian wrote 'The City of God'?"
"What is the theological concept of 'theosis' or 'deification'?"
"Which apostle is traditionally considered the author of the Gospel of John?"
"Who wrote the majority of the New Testament letters?"
